[Music]
[Applause]
13:24
she loves her dog Weiser she likes it
cold bit about she loves barbecue she's
sexy bodacious and amazing as what she
says about herself and she likes a guy
that is sexy hardcore and a little rough
she likes her hair pulled by the way oh
let's not make a perfect 8 is something
that's gonna make her sweat what bike
you gonna pick tonight there you go
she's picking out the green
harley-davidson from Gator
harley-davidson and her unique self
everyone loves my big blue eyes landing
site developments beautiful
[Music]
my wife would simply like what if I took
that home tonight eyes work I got a wife
they don't I got some cool brothers they
don't a company called lucky few cycles
[Applause]
contestant number four tonight
look at this pretty lady her name is
Casey lucky she is at 32 24 34 beautiful
blonde she loves a tree call and Miami
Vice pink food Italian food or Italian
guys you know their love it
she said she's a Beatrice ambitious and
she goes I'm absolutely just awesome you
think she's awesome guys she wants a guy
she's looking for a guy who is smart
strong and gothis got sleep tattoos she
has decided a good mate for her or be a
shrimp beach delicious dinner followed
by a motorcycle ride into the Sun
she is a Hooters calendar girl and a
Hooters dream girl once you give it up
for lucky you cycles Casey lucky
contestant number four oh yes this
looking better better as we go all
minute coming up next
sponsored by the smoke stop
I'm here to book a test at number 5 look
at these two pretty legs up great
England everybody put your hands
together Frankie and
cousin thirty four twenty four thirty
forty miles long
[Music]